added windows 11 (#10303)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/safety-scanner-download.md

- Safety scanner is a portable executable and does not appear in the Windows Start menu or as an icon on the desktop. Note where you saved this download.

> - This tool does not replace your antimalware product. For real-time protection with automatic updates, use [Microsoft Defender Antivirus on Windows 11, Windows 10 and Windows 8](https://www.microsoft.com/windows/comprehensive-security) or [Microsoft Security Essentials on Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/14210/security-essentials-download). These antimalware products also provide powerful malware removal capabilities. If you are having difficulties removing malware with these products, you can refer to our help on [removing difficult threats](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/help/troubleshooting-infection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tool does not replace your antimalware product. For real-time protection with automatic updates, use [Microsoft Defender Antivirus on Windows 11, Windows 10, and Windows 8](https://www.microsoft.com/windows/comprehensive-security) or [Microsoft Security Essentials on Windows 7](https://support.microsoft.com/help/14210/security-essentials-download). These antimalware products also provide powerful malware removal capabilities. If you are having difficulties removing malware with these products, you can refer to our help on [removing difficult threats](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/help/troubleshooting-infection).
```

## System requirements

> Safety Scanner helps remove malicious software from computers running Windows 11, Windows 10, Windows 10 Tech Preview, Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server Tech Preview, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2, or Windows Server 2008. Please refer to the [Microsoft Lifecycle Policy](/lifecycle/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safety Scanner helps remove malicious software from computers running Windows 11, Windows 10, Windows 10 Tech Preview, Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server Tech Preview, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2, or Windows Server 2008. For details, refer to the [Microsoft Lifecycle Policy](/lifecycle/).
```
